hello guys came mark 3 news here and I
just want to update you a little bit on
some stuff and and the future of this
channel and I don't only have four
subscribers and it's very small right
now but hopefully it'll be bigger but so
I can get more news to up to two more
people and and I did that phase explain
thing and no no one really watched that
so yeah I'm just gonna I'm just gonna
think about what I'm going to do with
that and so on to the news in march
three will be after the Tokyo Game Show
in Japan this year and then or more
details will be explained there may be
gameplay maybe maybe game by hopefully
if we are the luckiest people in the
world but i just think they'll be like
gameplay details what we have a lot of
details right now it's gonna be a lot
similar to pass game's gonna be a lot
simpler to Final Fantasy 15 so yeah and
I think Final Fantasy 15 will also be
shown there if we are so lucky and and
then I read this one article where this
the dumbest thing I've ever seen happen
these people said that they expected the
release date to be early 2014 oh my god
if you think that the release day for
this game will be early 2014 you have to
get yourself out of the biggest rock
that you've been living in for like the
past like month cuz it's not going to
happen in early 2014 no way in hell
that's gonna happen there because it
just announced that it's in development
and I think they would say it would be
released early 2014 if if they were
announcing it's like then and plus that
so no more oh I said that it was
announced too early because
is of the current state of development
but they just didn't want to keep fans
waiting so I'm just going to stick with
my original thing or late 2014 early
mid-2015 that's my that's my really my
time span on this thing so if you
believe that this game will be released
and unk in early 2014 just get your head
out of your ass and just realize the
truth it that could happen so yeah and I
think he was going to be at some other
event but I can't remember what it is
but I think the biggest part of Kingdom
Hearts 3 news will be at this game show
so yeah bet you look forward to that and
I will be back with you with some
working to Martinez when information
comes available because as you know it's
a lane development not meaning not much
news is gonna come out or just comparing
it to Final Fantasy 15 that's pretty
much it so yeah hopefully you'll see you
hopefully mornings will come in near
future so okay bye